SAUL: Previously
on Homeland...
We have to buy time,
40 minutes, maybe an hour,
till they're in the air.
-I'm not leaving you.
-I agreed with Saul.
If things go wrong,
this is the plan.
What, to allow them
to fucking catch you?
(man grunts)
(men speaking foreign language)
(Carrie panting, grunts)
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
It was you.
(both grunt)
Carrie Mathison, you're just
going to leave her here?
♪ ♪
Ms. Martin, what was
your most recent operation?
We tried to compromise
your president
and push her out of office.
(ominous music)
(pills rattle)
Your medication.
How do you wanna spend
the rest of your days here?
Reading nice books
that Alexander brings you
and exercising in the yard...
or going mad,
locked up in an asylum?
No one back in Moscow
is much in the mood
to negotiate, anyway.
Maybe it's better
if you wait a few months.
I can't wait a few months.
I don't even know if she'll be
alive in a few months.
(metallic scrape)
(tense music)
Go.
♪ ♪
You all right?
(gentle whooshing)
CARRIE: (panting)
No, no, no, no.
Not the coat.
No, no, no, no, no.
(fabric ripping)
(whispering)
Don't be scared.
(gasps)
(laughing)
(yelling)
No, no, no, no!
(gasps)
(breathing heavily)
Rough ride?
You need to sleep.
I'm trying.
It's been almost six hours.
You can have another lorazepam.
No, I wanna wean myself.
Maybe a half.
(pills rattle)
(panting)
Blood work?
Tomorrow.
(phone ringing distantly)
Sorry.
No, come on in.
Have a seat.
Is Doug--
I'm sitting in for Doug.
Jim Turrow.
You're his supervisor.
Is that right?
You want anything to drink?
Uh, no.
No, I'm good.
Okay if I ask you
a few questions?
Sure.
You were detained in Russia
for 213 days?
Yes.
(clears throat)
And you were interrogated
for the first...
Uh, 30-ish...
Who was your interrogator?
Um, a colonel named
Sergei Tabakov,
most of the time, anyway.
GRU.
Why'd he stop?
All of this is in the file.
It's a big file.
Can you tell me why
he stopped interrogating you?
(sighs)
I think because
I threw my feces at him.
Was that strategic?
No, no.
I--I...I was in the midst
of a florid psychosis.
They withheld my medication.
It took about 20 days
for me to devolve
into a not very helpful subject,
um,
but they kept at it
for another week or so.
I can't give you
an exact figure.
After that,
it's all either blank
or a series of images
that don't much comport
with reality.
Um, if we're doing this
the slow way,
may--maybe I will take
some water.
Doug informs me you'd like
to be reinstated at the agency.
Yes.
Yes,
I would like that very much.
A security clearance
isn't an option
with upwards of 180 days
unaccounted for.
Yeah, I know that.
That's why I've been
working so hard
with Dr. Foley and Doug,
trying to fill in the gaps.
Did they give you the impression
that wasn't the case?
No.
Did they tell you
you failed your polygraph?
Deception indicated.
So you're gonna have
to bear with me.
Um...which questions?
You said it was usually Tabakov
but not always.
I'd like to know
which questions, please.
Quite a few, actually.
Such as?
Have you ever conspired
with a foreign intelligence
officer or service?
(foreboding music)
(breathing heavily)
♪ ♪
Wh--so--so what does that mean?
Are...are you accusing me
of something?
Could mean a lot of things:
giving up sources
and methods,
working for the enemy.
You tell me.
♪ ♪
My memory doesn't distinguish
between what was real
and--and what wasn't.
You get that, right?
The polygraph doesn't care
if you were delusional.
It says you were lying.
(sighs)
I edit my answers
because I don't trust
my own brain.
That's what it's picking up.
Maybe.
We expected that
going into this.
Dr. Foley and Doug both said
it was a possibility.
♪ ♪
Why is he acting like
this is incriminating?
We expected it.
(over speaker)
You wanna jump in here?
JIM:
Sit down, please.
♪ ♪
You did admit
to giving up the location
of a safe house in Beirut.
Yeah, one that hasn't
been active for decades.
I believe at that point,
I had been kept awake
for 96 hours.
-What about assets?
-What about them?
Did you ever reveal
the identity of an asset?
No.
Maybe somebody who died
ten years before.
No, assets have families.
I wouldn't do that.
You sure?
How much more clearly
can I say this?
I did not.
Ms. Mathison,
how can you be so sure
if there's 180 days
of your life
you don't remember?
♪ ♪
(chair creaks)
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
SAUL:
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Parties are prepared
to work through dinner tonight.
Should we take that
as a positive sign?
Just getting the Taliban
to the table
has taken nine years.
So the fact
they're sitting down
with the Afghan government
at all is a positive.
Come on, Saul, make some news.
It's been three weeks.
At least give us a sense
of how it's going so far.
It's going;
from what I understand,
there's a nice lamb kabsa
on the menu tonight.
-Ha.
-Okay.
How 'bout off the record, then?
Sure.
WOMAN: Well, the list
of missed opportunities
for peace in Afghanistan
is long.
What do you see as the main
obstacles to a deal?
Well, for one thing,
America hasn't got
a whole lot of good options.
We're not staying forever.
President's made that
abundantly clear.
We can't just walk away either.
Why not?
Pull our forces out
past a critical point,
Kabul falls in six weeks.
WOMAN: General Edwards
told me six months.
Trillion dollars spent,
more than 2,000 lives lost.
It's a U.S. surrender
any way you look at it.
Other issue
is the Taliban itself.
It's not clear they have
anything to gain
by a political settlement.
What do you mean, exactly?
Only reason to cut a deal
is to get us to leave
sooner than later.
Which you just said
isn't an option.
Not without serious
security guarantees in place
before we go.
MAN:
And what's wrong with that?
Nothing, if you think
the Taliban will abide
by the terms of an agreement.
And will they?
Your guess is as good as mine.
President Warner
seems confident enough.
Well, the president's
an optimist.
Me, I'm a spy.
And his
national security advisor.
Don't remind me.
(man chuckles)
(whispering)
G'ulom's making a statement.
Sorry, I gotta go.
More later.
What's he gonna say?
Do we know?
No idea.
His office only just announced
that he was doing
the press conference.
This can't be good.
G'ULOM (over TV): But we are
lions, brothers and sisters.
Other animals in the jungle
are afraid
of even a sick lion
and stay away from him.
We are lions.
The United States
should treat us
as lions.
And we demand nothing less.
Instead, our president
and foreign minister
have been tricked.
Tricked into promising
to release
more than 1,000
Taliban prisoners of war,
12 of them responsible
for the bomb...
hidden inside an ambulance
and killed nearly
100 citizens last month
in Kabul.
I want you to know...
I am in charge
of these prisoners,
and I will never agree
to their release.
Never.
Not even a single one.
(tense music)
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(indistinct conversations
in foreign language)
Robin, talk to me.
Phones started going off,
and you can imagine
what happened next.
Where's Agha Jan?
He threw down his credentials
and he stormed off
with the rest
of the Taliban delegation.
I don't think
he's coming back, Saul.
-I really don't.
-Which way they go?
Um...
♪ ♪
SAUL: Agha Jan.
Agha Jan!
We told you,
no prisoners, no talks.
I'm aware.
The very first thing
we agreed to
and now it is broken.
I understand you're angry.
I'm angry,
but nothing is broken.
We agreed
to a prisoner exchange
upon successful completion
of an agreement.
We are not there yet,
not even close.
You heard G'ulom.
Vice president doesn't speak
for the government.
You know that.
What is done is done.
Too bad.
SAUL: Agha Jan.
Leave now and it'll be years
before we get back
to this point, if ever.
I'm sorry. I truly am.
I have an idea.
What if I was able
to accelerate the release
of some of the prisoners
in U.S. custody?
Say, 5 of the 32 at Guantanamo?
Would that change your mind?
You could do that?
I could try.
I would consider it
if we get to choose which five.
Okay.
Then we'll stay
for one week,
but you still have to get G'ulom
to change what he said.
(keyboard clacking)
(speaking foreign language)
(indistinct conversations)
I'll call you back.
(speaking foreign language)
(cell phone beeps)
Give us a minute, will you?
Of course.
You look peeved.
What's happened?
You know damn well.
I warned you.
It was only a matter of time
before things fell apart.
There's falling apart
and then there's pushing 'em
off a cliff.
Pakistan had nothing to do
with this.
We're not leaking details
of these talks to anyone.
Please.
It wasn't me, and it wasn't
anybody in my delegation.
(chuckles)
You know, you almost
make me believe you.
Then I remember Islamabad,
the embassy,
the two hours you stood down
your response team
while 36 Americans were killed
in cold blood.
Colonel Jefrani.
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
JEFRANI: Yes, ma'am?
Show Mr. Berenson out.
♪ ♪
(helicopter rotors whirring)
(man shouting indistinctly)
You got a lot of shit.
I'm Gonzales.
Piotrowski.
Huh?
Max!
GONZALES:
Squad's out on patrol.
Nobody gonna be back
till morning.
Anything I should do
in the meantime?
Stay low.
Try not to get shot.
♪ ♪
(door clicks open)
-SAUL: Doug.
-(door clicks shut)
DOUG: Hey.
Jim Turrow,
counterintelligence.
SAUL: Hi, Jim, good to meet you.
DOUG: And you know Dr. Foley.
SAUL: Hi.
Where are we?
DR. FOLEY: Physically,
she's in good shape.
Sleep is still an issue,
but it's better than it was.
Her thyroid hasn't quite
leveled out.
That's from?
DR. FOLEY: The malnutrition.
It improves when she eats more
or treat it with a pill?
DR. FOLEY: Medication.
We're playing with the dosage.
That and the sleep
both have an impact
on mood regulation
and memory access.
So we're hoping
that her recall will improve
as we go.
DOUG: There are still
significant gaps in her story,
but that's par for the course.
She's recovering
more information every day.
It's not the gaps
I'm concerned about.
DOUG: If you're worried
about the polygraph,
I would take it
with a grain of salt.
It's not something
we can ignore.
DR. FOLEY:
Polygraphs are unreliable.
"Deception indicated"
can mean she's nervous
or lying to herself.
Or it can indicate deception.
We have a long way to go.
This is just one data point.
Look, I--I don't wanna dismiss
your misgivings,
but bringing in Mr. Berenson
may have been premature.
He didn't call me here.
Oh.
I misunderstood.
I'm here because
I need Carrie in Kabul
for a week or two.
-When?
-Right away.
We're making progress here.
Put her in a war zone,
we could be back to square one.
Terms of her debriefing timeline
or her mental state?
Both.
She unstable?
Not now.
It's an important mission.
I'm okay with a setback.
We may be dealing
with a compromised officer here.
You know she has a kid?
Mathison?
Yes.
You know
she signed away custody
and walked into a bear trap
in the middle of Moscow
to stop an attack
on our presidency?
Yes.
SAUL: Everyone breaks
under interrogation,
especially
Russian interrogation.
They're good at it.
That's why our sources
were protected
and procedures changed
after she was captured.
It's more complicated
than that.
I'm well aware.
What I wanna know is,
you have anything
other than a jumpy polygraph?
(footsteps thudding)
(scanner beeps)
SAUL: Hey.
CARRIE: Hey.
SAUL: How are you?
Color's better.
They're big on fresh air
around here.
It seems my vitamin D level's
not great.
Also, I'm a Russian agent,
apparently.
So I heard.
Ridiculous.
You won't mind, then,
if I pick your brain a bit.
Only if you think it's safe
to be seen talking to me.
I'll take my chances.
Your old friend
Abdul Qadir G'ulom
just fired a broadside
into the peace talks.
Yeah, I saw that.
I need him
to publicly walk back
his comments about the POWs.
Agreeing to their release
is what got the Taliban
to the negotiating table
in the first place.
I assume the ambassador's
already taken a run at him.
And the chief of station,
got exactly nowhere.
Who's the current COS?
Mike Dunne.
What?
(scoffs)
You need an alpha to deal
with an alpha.
-Mike's not that.
-No.
All right, give me a few days.
I'll come up with some options.
You don't have a few days.
Putting you on a military
transport to Kabul tonight.
If you're up for it, that is.
You kidding?
Hell yes.
-Saul...
-Don't thank me yet.
Kabul isn't the place
you knew before.
It's ten times more dangerous
just walking around,
and you'll be without
any of your old assets.
Pulled from the field, huh?
Minute you were
arrested in Moscow.
Everybody?
Ones you reported
to headquarters, at least.
Saul, I report all my assets
to headquarters,
no matter who they are
or how sensitive.
Course you do.
Come on, let's get you
packed up, ready to go.
Hey, Mike, it's Turrow.
You heard from Saul Berenson,
by any chance?
No, what's up?
JIM:
I could be wrong, but...
I think you got a bad situation
coming your way.
Bad how?
A compromised officer.
MIKE:
Who is it?
Your old boss,
Carrie Mathison.
(tense music)
Piotrowski's doing
hardware maintenance.
We're gonna provide support
so he can repair or replace.
The unit's on Sao Ridge.
We're gonna loop around
north of D-Cup.
We're going over the 6-1?
If the trail's intact,
we'll take it two klicks west.
If the rain last week
washed it out--
What is he, NSA?
We're doing this
for a cable repair guy?
Back me up, Gonzo.
We already know
how this shit goes down.
He's right, LT.
At least tell us
what this is about.
Mission's classified.
-Oh, great.
-Hey.
We leave at 22.
Whole thing will be done
under cover of darkness,
which should afford us
a measure of security.
This is bullshit.
Show him where
the riverbed's at.
DURKIN: Okay, look, every time
we cross the 6-1, we get hit.
Last couple of times,
we lost a guy.
We'll take it slow 'cause
you're not used to the altitude,
but we're gonna cross
a riverbed
right about here
that's fairly exposed.
You just gotta haul ass
till you get to the trees
on the other side,
about 25, 30 yards.
So when we get
to the riverbed...
Run.
(suspenseful music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations
in foreign language)
♪ ♪
(button clicking)
Can you unlock the window?
MAN: They don't open.
(breathing shakily)
(motorbike engines buzzing)
♪ ♪
(guard speaking
foreign language)
♪ ♪
(door squeaks open)
(elevator bell dings)
Thank merciful God.
The cavalry's shown up.
Is it just me, or is that
chip on your shoulder
bigger than the last time
we saw each other?
-Fuck off.
-(Carrie laughs)
Hey, I want you
to meet somebody.
This is Jenna Bragg.
Jenna, Carrie Mathison.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
Jenna's the newest member
of the team.
She's gonna be looking
after you.
Come on, Mike,
you know how I roll.
Don't waste your time.
Not at all.
She wants to do it,
don't you, Jenna?
Happy to.
Any word on the G'ulom meeting?
Set for Friday morning.
I figured you'd want a few days
to see what you could dig up.
Saul told me I could get a look
at the latest 201 file on him.
JENNA: Loaded onto the laptop
in your room,
and if you need anything
run down, just ask.
Thanks.
MIKE: Glad you're here, Carrie.
I mean that.
Glad to be here.
JENNA:
I'll show you to your room.
MIKE:
Hey, Carrie, um, truth is,
she's a little stuck
in the starting gate.
(door clicks open)
(elevator clangs, whirring)
JENNA:
I've only been here a month.
Sorry?
How am I supposed to get
out of the starting gate
if he won't let me
leave the station
without an armored vehicle
and a security detail?
(elevator bell dings)
I might as well have "CIA"
tattooed on my forehead.
How bad is it out there?
It's bad, getting worse.
Foreign workers
are definitely a target,
but isn't this exactly
what I was trained for?
(lock clicks, keys jingle)
Here.
-Insist, then.
-Excuse me?
You're in a hard place,
trying to do hard things.
Don't whine and don't take no
for an answer.
(exhales deeply)
(keyboard clicks)
(car horn honks distantly)
(cell phone clicking)
(computer beeping)
MIKE: Who's it to?
Berenson.
What makes her think
she's gonna have
any more luck with G'ulom
than we did?
G'ulom trusts her.
The two of them made
a pretty good partnership
back in the day.
Killed a lot of bad guys
together.
(phone line trills)
Shh.
(line clicks)
(cell phone beeping slowly)
What's that?
A call code...
prearranged between asset
and base.
Two pings for this,
three for that.
Old-school.
(computer pinging)
Now find out
who owns that number.
(tense music)
♪ ♪
WENZEL: Got any questions?
'Cause this is the time.
MAX:
He told me about the riverbed.
You'll let me know?
SOTO: You'll know
'cause we're fucking running.
WENZEL: You don't need to worry
about it on the way out.
DURKIN: There's just spotters
when we head out.
It's the way back
that's the problem.
MAX:
So they'll have eyes on us...
WENZEL: Starting now.
Where the road ends,
the Taliban begins.
♪ ♪
(insects chirping)
Should we walk,
or would you rather go inside?
Let's walk.
I was emotional before
and rude.
I apologize.
Apology accepted.
I've been meaning to ask
about your father.
How is he?
Stepfather, and poorly,
I'm afraid.
The MS is starting to affect
his vision.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Must be proud of you, though,
getting the job
he always wanted.
I think he'd have
preferred grandchildren.
You said you needed to see me.
Frankly, I'm at a loss.
I don't know what to do.
-About what?
-You.
Me?
Well, Pakistan.
I was hoping for another
adult in the room.
Seems all you're interested in
is making
what's already a difficult
situation impossible.
I'm sorry.
Am I missing something here?
Weren't you just apologizing
30 seconds ago?
I was. Now I'm imploring.
(scoffs) Really?
Because that's not
what it sounds like.
I know we want
the same thing here.
-Do we?
-Yes.
Fair and durable peace
in the region.
Don't lecture me
about peace in the region.
You abandoned the region
after the Soviets
were sent packing.
Then 9/11 happened
and you're back.
We've all seen this movie.
We know how it ends...
in chaos and civil war
on our border.
That's exactly what
we're trying to avoid.
How?
By announcing timetables
and benchmarks?
By unilaterally drawing down
your combat troop levels
to zero?
The Afghan state you've built
is a house of cards,
its army a joke.
You want real resolution,
then show some real resolve.
At least make the Taliban think
you aren't running
for the exits.
Policy's the policy.
No way that is changing now.
Then peace isn't what you want.
You just want out.
(light switch clicks)
(eerie music)
♪ ♪
(lamp switch clicking)
(pots clanging, water running)
(man speaking foreign language)
♪ ♪
All right, we're here.
(Max grunts, panting)
You see the kid?
Where?
By the caves.
Come on, get a move on.
We don't got all night.
(Velcro rips)
They sent the fucking A-Team.
(Max grunts)
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
(engine roaring)
(tense music)
♪ ♪
(gate clangs shut)
ARMAN: Carrie!
CARRIE: Arman, how are you?
Good, good, prosperous.
Yeah, I can see that.
23 in the fleet now.
This one, it is brand-new,
10,000 gallons.
Beautiful.
All thanks to you.
Hardly.
You built this yourself,
Arman, from nothing.
One rented truck,
and who helped me rent it?
This is for Darya.
I tried to get the Lancôme,
but I couldn't find it.
Never mind.
She will love
whatever you bring.
So who's driving me tonight?
I am.
-You are?
-Yeah.
But I thought you don't
drive anymore.
I do for you.
(engines whooshing)
Nothing has changed:
bribes, extortion, murder.
It is criminal enterprise,
this government.
And G'ulom himself,
where does he fit in these days?
Oh, he's at the very top
of the pyramid.
He's more powerful
than the president.
Then I need to find an enemy,
someone willing
to bring him down.
Maybe one
of the other ministers?
Don't bother.
They don't have the guts.
What about Fakiyar?
I read somewhere he was running
an anti-corruption campaign.
(scoffs)
G'ulom paid him off.
I hear he's in Dubai now.
He's living like a king.
The law in this country,
it is only for the poor.
(gunfire, explosion booms)
(upbeat music playing on radio)
Taliban?
Most likely pro-Taliban
Kuchi nomads.
They are very brave
to be fighting so near Kabul.
I thought Ghazni was as far
as they'd advanced.
That was last month.
Today they make attacks
on Afghan army positions
almost anywhere.
(rapid gunfire)
That was closer.
I give them free gas
in exchange for safe passage.
I think we'll be fine.
♪ ♪
Ghazni.
Ah, right, checkpoint.
(dramatic music)
(hatch squeaks)
♪ ♪
(truck clangs)
All clear.
(hatch squeaks)
No checkpoint, huh?
-No.
-What's that mean?
I don't know.
How long will you be?
An hour at the most.
I'll text you when I'm ready.
Okay.
♪ ♪
(engine rumbling)
(gate clangs open, thuds shut)
♪ ♪
(speaking Pashto)
(door creaks)
(indistinct conversation
in foreign language)
ARMAN: (speaking Pashto)
COMMANDER: (speaking Pashto)
(engine turns over)
(engine buzzing distantly)
Are you Shina?
Do you speak English?
English, Dari, Pashto.
(sighs)
Good.
I'm so sorry
to disturb you at night.
Your husband has told me
wonderful things.
It's really an honor
to meet you.
I met Zarawar
when he was this high.
He's so big.
Uh, is Roshan here?
No.
Okay, do--do you know
when he'll be back?
No.
I really would like to see him.
Would you mind calling him
for me?
No, I'm sorry.
You should go.
I understand it's uncomfortable
having a strange woman
speak to your husband,
but it's--it's very,
very important.
And I'm not gonna leave
your house
until you contact him.
Can you please pick up
your phone?
I said no.
(speaking Pashto)
Tell me what?
(Carrie gasps softly)
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
I didn't know.
They killed him.
(solemn music)
Who did?
The Taliban, because of you.
Because of the CIA.
No, no, that's--
that's not possible.
They said,
"This is what happens
to a traitor
for the Americans."
They pulled him from the house,
ropes on his hands, feet...
tied him to a truck,
dragged him
through the streets.
Oh, Shina, I'm so sorry.
Zarawar--
Don't speak to my son.
♪ ♪
You have to believe me.
I never told anyone
about my meetings with Roshan,
not--not even the people
I work for, nobody.
♪ ♪
Is it--is it possible he had
another American contact?
Only you.
♪ ♪
When did this happen?
Five months ago.
♪ ♪
I don't--I--
I--I--I--I wasn't
even in Afghanistan.
I was in prison.
I never told anyone his name.
Please...please believe me.
I'm s--I'm so sorry.
You should go now.
♪ ♪
Get out of my house.
(breathing heavily)
♪ ♪
JIM: Did you ever reveal
the identity of an asset?
CARRIE: No.
JIM: Maybe somebody who died
ten years before.
CARRIE: No.
Assets have families.
I wouldn't do that.
Ms. Mathison,
how can you be so sure
if there's 180 days
of your life
you don't remember?
(breathing heavily)
♪ ♪
CARRIE: No, stay.
(sobs)
Don't leave me.
Stay.
Stay, stay.
(sobbing)
(man shouting in Pashto)
(tense music)
(cell phone clicks, bleeps)
(men shouting in Pashto)
(cell phone buzzes)
(cell phone clicking)
(motorbike engine revs)
(cell phone clicking, bleeps)
CARRIE: Fuck!
(man speaking Pashto)
♪ ♪
(man shouting in Pashto)
(indistinct conversation)
CARRIE: (speaking Pashto)
♪ ♪
(men speaking Pashto)
(loud banging)
(man shouting in Pashto)
(men speaking Pashto)
(banging)
(man shouting in Pashto)
(man speaking Pashto)
♪ ♪
(lock clangs)
(man speaking Pashto)
♪ ♪
(pounding on door)
(man shouting in Pashto)
♪ ♪
(men speaking Pashto)
(clicking)
SOTO: Are you done yet?
MAX: No.
How much longer?
MAX: I don't know.
I thought I could fix
the switch box,
but it's not working.
I gotta swap it out.
WENZEL: How involved is that?
Fuck this, man.
Well, it's gonna be light
in an hour.
You're gonna have
to wrap it up.
You go ahead.
I'll find my own way back.
WENZEL:
Come on, huddle up.
Hey, we're going.
I'm not leaving until I'm done.
Just pick up
your fucking bag and walk.
We don't have
a functional listening device
on 14 miles
of the Pakistani border.
We're in negotiations
with the Taliban in Doha.
Our people don't know
if they are having
a real conversation
or if it's just bullshit
designed to get us to release
1,000 Taliban fighters
from prison.
Haissam Haqqani
is down there somewhere.
He's the one calling the shots
in a hideout in Pakistan
that we can't find,
on a phone that we can't tap.
He's the guy that slaughtered
36 of our people in Islamabad.
I watched him do it.
You were there, at the embassy?
(motorbike engine buzzing)
(breathing heavily)
(lock clicks)
It's not that you went out.
It's that you went out
without informing anybody.
Mike, I--
And don't give me any bullshit
about source protection
or "better to ask forgiveness
than permission."
I don't need
anybody's permission.
I'm here on behalf of
the national security advisor.
God damn it, Carrie.
There are three teams
out there right now
risking their lives
to find you.
Well, I didn't ask
for that either.
Well, for your sake,
I hope it was worth it.
Wh--what's that supposed
to mean?
That you got what you needed,
because G'ulom's office called.
Your meeting's been
rescheduled.
-For when?
-This morning.
Six hours from now.
-Fuck.
-Yeah.
Jenna will be here at 8:45
to pick you up.
Hey, Mike.
I need to ask you something.
What?
About Russian cooperation
with the Taliban.
How real is it?
Real enough.
What does that look like,
exactly?
Military aid, advisors?
Both.
What about intelligence?
Are they sharing intelligence?
You bet,
anything to piss us off.
It's what the Kremlin
lives for.
I see.
Why do you ask?
I don't know.
I just--I'm trying to get
the lay of the land, I guess.
Where were you tonight, Carrie?
Well, maybe you can tell me
how it relates to Russia, then.
How what relates?
You're here to leverage G'ulom,
but you're asking Russians.
Jesus, Mike, not you too.
What the hell'd they tell you?
That you tanked a polygraph.
I was in Ghazni, okay,
meeting a guy
who used to run
against the insurgents.
He mentioned a GRU contact
in the area.
-Who?
-Well, he wasn't naming names,
was he?
Okay.
(inhales sharply)
You look tired.
You should get some rest.
Big day tomorrow.
Yeah.
(door clicks open and shut)
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
(exhales deeply)
(breathing heavily)
♪ ♪
All right, I'm pushing up
with Stoudt.
Cover till we're behind
the boulders.
Durkin, you and Soto
got rear security.
DURKIN:
Remember what I told you
about that path
through the riverbed?
Watch out.
This is it.
Remember what to do?
Haul ass.
Wait till I tell you.
WENZEL: Ready?
-Yeah.
-Move.
(suspenseful music)
♪ ♪
(grunts)
DURKIN: Stay down.
♪ ♪
Set.
DURKIN: Okay.
Your turn.
Hey, tell me when.
When.
Look, they're right there.
Okay?
Go, go.
♪ ♪
Motherfucker.
(grunts)
Come on.
On the wall.
We got him.
Where the fuck are they?
Some patient motherfuckers.
Man, fuck this place.
You ready?
-No.
-Let's move.
(gunfire)
(tense music)
♪ ♪
-SOTO: Go! Roll out!
-DURKIN: Move, move, move!
(gunfire continues)
♪ ♪
Now!
Coming in, coming in!
(man grunts)
♪ ♪
Everybody okay?
-DURKIN: Yeah.
-Brace for a second attack.
Viper 0-2,
troops in contact.
I say it again.
Troops in contact.
MAN (over radio):
Viper 0-2 is two mikes out.
I'll give you a ten-second
to-go call.
Negative.
We need close air support.
I repeat, close air support.
MAN (over radio):
Roger...
What the fuck is that?
Am I hit?
Shit.
(yelps)
It's your CamelBak.
What?
It's water.
Ha.
I thought that fucker hit me.
It's water or piss.
It ain't blood.
(chuckles)
I thought that motherfucker
hit me.
-(laughs)
-Hey, get down!
-(gunfire)
-This ain't over.
Where the hell
are those air assets?
One minute out.
(grunts)
(gunfire continues)
Coming down from Sao Ridge,
where else?
In broad daylight?
Nobody got hit?
SOTO: My pack got hit,
blew my fucking water open.
You pissed yourself?
No, my actual water pack.
He fucking pissed himself.
(both laugh)
No, I didn't.
One casualty:
water transport apparatus.
Cable Guy, he's like a--
he's like a lucky fucking charm.
Cable Guy.
You're like a frosted
Lucky Charm, man.
You're all right.
(chuckling)
Look at his face.
He's still freaked out.
(laughs)
(indistinct radio chatter)
You good, pal?
It's working.
Heh.
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
MAN: Thank you.
-(man speaking foreign language)
-MAN: Here you go.
♪ ♪
FAYEZ: Ms. Mathison?
This way, please.
♪ ♪
The vice president
is completing another meeting.
He will be ready in a moment.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
You okay?
Mike told me you were
out late last night.
I'm fine.
You know you're not going
in there with me, right?
I'm sure you're smart enough
to realize
the vice president's
not opening up
with some female in the room
he's never met before.
(door clicks open)
(men speaking indistinctly)
(eerie music)
♪ ♪
CARRIE: Don't leave me.
Don't leave me. Don't leave me.
Stay, stay, stay, stay.
♪ ♪
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No!
You can't leave me here!
Don't go!
(soft jazz music)
♪ ♪
(keys clacking, bell dings)
Captioned by Captionmax